Feature/multiple backends download impl (#2205)
neicnordic/sensitive-data-archive: sda-download/internal/storage/v2/README.md

```

## S3

The s3 storage implementation uses the [AWS s3](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/s3/) to connect to a s3 storage location.

### S3 Reader Config

A s3 reader has the following configuration:

| Name:         | Type:  | Default Value: | Description:                                                                                                                                  |         
|---------------|--------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|                               
| access_key    | string |                | The access key used to authenticate when connecting to the s3                                                                                 |        
| secret_key    | string |                | The secret key used to authenticate when connecting to the s3                                                                                 |
| ca_cert       | string |                | The ca certificate of the s3 to be appended to the certs of the system                                                                        |        

> | chunk_size    | string | 50MB           | The chunk size (in bytes) when writing data S3, also when reading chunks with the Seekable Reader. The minimum allowed is 5MB, and max is 1gb |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| chunk_size    | string | 50MB           | The chunk size used when writing data to `S3` and when reading data with the `Seekable Reader`. Supports values like 50MB, 100MB. The minimum allowed value is 5MB, and the maximum is 1GB.  |
```

I have clarified the description of chunk_size since otherwise it is unclear if it is a string like "50MB" or an integer number of bytes.

| region        | string | us-east-1      | The region of the s3 bucket                                                                                                                   |        
| endpoint      | string |                | The address of the s3 buckets                                                                                                                 |        
| disable_https | bool   | false          | If to disable https when connecting to the s3 bucket                                                                                          |        

> | bucket_prefix | string |                | How the reader will identify which buckets to look through when looking for a file for which the location is not known by the caller          |

Reviewer: Might be good to add a paragraph to clarify the `bucket_prefix` further and explain 
- Whether buckets are searched sequentially
- Whether the first match wins
